A message of the day Banham may be used to display a temporary message such as a router may be taken
off line for maintenance at a specific time a logon banner is shown before a user logs in SEE may display
a message such as unauthorized access is prohibited and exec Abana displays off to Logan.
You could use this to display information that only internal staff should know such as the physical
location of the device.
So the information is not shown before logging only after your theni case it is the information displayed.
Now you don't have to use those messages in that way.
This is actually being configured on the router as a message of the day.
So on those a run pyper begin banner
he has the show command and notice the command used here is Bena message of the day which display some
ASCII text and then a warning message and then ends.
Notice the delimiting character used see indicated by carot see.
So that's the beginning of the message and end of the message.
So when you use the command Bena question mark you've got the option line which says See benoît text.
See we see is a delimiting character.
Now you don't typically want to use the letter C as an example.
If I say Benas see and then type something like my cisco router notice I'm taken back to global configuration
mode.
But if we telnet back to routed to you notice the message of the Day message displayed is my C in this
example is the delimiting character.
So the message was cut off or ended at the letter C hence only my space was displayed.
What you probably want to use is something like a hash or dollar sign or some other character that you're
not going to put in your message or create a basic message such as this so that when we log in we can
see which banners are displayed.
I could enter another line such as the following and then continue to into multiple lines.
Hash or pounde indicates in this example that I've finished my message and notice I'm taken back to
global configuration mode.
So now we're not telnet to rodded to the message is displayed and I can log in.
So the message was displayed before the password prompt on the telnet line.
Whereas previously before the message was created nothing was displayed at this point.
Now a benoît message of the day is also displayed on the console.
So it doesn't just apply to telnet lines.
It applies to all lines on the router including what are called TDY lines.
So as an example on this very 640 physical router show line shows me that it has a console line.
It has Teotihuacan lines which are in this example used for reverse Telenet lines and it has Viti wan
lines which are used for telnet.
So he has a line 97 when you telnet to a reverse line or T.T. y line you telnet to port number two thousand.
And that line number.
So notice here it's displayed the Bena message of the day.
And I'm actually connected to the console of a 37 50 switch show line on the 36 40 shows us that line
97 is in use and that's the reverse telnet connection used on the router to access the core 37 50 switch.
So in other words a better message of the day is displayed on all lines including the console exhilarate
Vittie white lines and 21 lines once again on Route 1.
I'll tell it to router to notice the Banham message of the day is displayed.